Instructions to Download and Run 
----





Importing into Eclipse and Configuring
----
**Steps**


1.Launch the Eclispe IDE, Make sure the *Eclipse Maven Integration (m2e)* plugin is installed in eclipse. Now import the downloaded project in eclipse
>File->Import->Maven->Existing Maven Projects 
(And click on Next)

2.In the Browse window,Browse to the project folder which contains the pom.xml file. Select the pom.xml file and click on finish. The Maven project will be imported into the workspace

3.Based on the OS,Download Drivers for chrome and firefox from the below links

For Chrome  [ChromeDriver] 
             (http://chromedriver.chromium.org/downloads)

For Firefox [GeckoDriver]
             (https://github.com/mozilla/geckodriver/releases)

4.Once the drivers are downloaded, Open the *config.properties* file under the project folder under Src
>Src/main/Resources/config.properties

5.In the properties file set the path for the downloaded ChromeDriver and geckoDriver for properties chromeDriverPath and firefoxDriverPath.

6.In config.properties set the browser property to "firefox" or "chrome"(depending on which browser to run)

7.In terminal Navigate to the project folder containing the pom.xml file and run the below command
>mvn clean install

8.The maven starts building the project, the browser launches and both the test case starts executing.



Analyzing the Results
----
**Steps**

1.Once the execution is complete, Right click on the project in eclipse and perform Refresh Action. The folders '**Logfile**'(for Logs), '**Output_Files**'(for ExtentReport html files) and '**Screenshots**'(For screenshots of first testcase scenario) will all be created under the project folder hierarchy.

2.**Logs**: All the steps/actions executed by the test case scenarios are logged in a log file. The logs are generated by using the log4j2 module. The properties for the log4j2(*log4j2.properties*) is placed under *Src/main/Resources/config.properties*. 

The log4j2 is configured to use the **rollingfile appender** and putting out the logs both to the console and the Logfile

3.**Screenshot**: All the screenshots taken as part of the test case will be stored inside the *Screenshots* folder. 
The screenshot file will have the website name of which the screenshot was taken and suffixed by timestamp of execution.

4.**Report**: The HTML Reports are generated for each execution using the extent reporting module.The reports will be generated inside the *Output_Files* folder.

The HTML report name will be of the format '*FinalExtentReport_*' and will be suffixed by the timestamp of execution.

The HTML reports can be viewed via the browser by copy pasting the complete path of the file including its file name and extension.

>eg:file:///Users/sreecharan/Documents/Work/SeleniumAutomation/AdaptaTest/Output_Files/FinalExtentReport_2019-02-10 00:31:54.527.html






To Run via Docker
----
**Steps**

1.To make the test cases run via docker, go to the *config.properties* file change the browser property to **dockerchrome**

2.In terminal navigate to the project folder path which contains docker-compose.yml file. Start the docker and execute the below mentioned commands

>docker-compose up -d chrome

Once the execution is done,execute the below command.

>docker-compose down







